Update with new rate-limit setup (#180)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/get-started/network-information.mdx

[Etherlink node](/network/evm-nodes).

:::warning Public RPC Endpoint Restrictions

> Our full RPC endpoint is rate-limited. You can [setup your own
> node](/network/evm-nodes) if you need an endpoint without rate-limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our full RPC endpoint is rate-limited. You can [set up your own
node](/network/evm-nodes) if you need an endpoint without a rate limit.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
